Cursed:

Since the dawn of time when the creatures of the world was created they have been using magic in exiciting ways.
Healing, hurting, creation and destruction. However there also exist a number of cursed individuals that are worth noting.
-
Werewolf:

Werewolf is by far the most infamous one. Gaining the power and speed of the wolf, the Werewolf is a powerful curse.
The strength that exist with Werewolfs is unmatched but there exist drawbacks with this power. Werewolf cursed creatures 
have problems controlling thier power, some more than others. Many give in to the curse becoming more beast than man.
But there exist a few individuals that have been able to control thier power, and can summon the power whenever they please.
Though weaker than the beasts they often have a more controlled fighting style being able to integrate weapons and armor in thier
fights.

Origin:
Magicians
-
Elemental:

This curse is actually the most well hidden and exist everywhere in the world. Somewhat considered to help more than hurt this curse
have been used by many in both wars and everyday situations. The curse involve a creature that are able to control the elements and 
can shape it to his/her own will. As these effects vary thier power can usually be reflected in thier work. Example water cursed
is usually a fisherman or a captain. A fire cursed is usually a blacksmith. A nature cursed is usually a timberman or forest guardian.
However there still exist drawbacks. Some are born weak. Some are born deformed. Some are born dumb. The drawback can vary alot depending
on person and creature. They are seen by many as lesser magicae humans but some cursed have been lucky with thier drawbacks causing them to be
almost perfect.

Origin:
Natural
-
Dimension shifters:

This curse is very rare but is very powerful. These people are cursed with the power of darkness. These creatures can jump between dimensions, pass
through solid walls and drain the power of enemies. These creatures is considered being the scourge of the earth, being eradicted in most civilizations
they are few but powerful. The drawback with this power is that everytime they use the power they become more and more corrupted. Destroying themselves
slowly and becoming more powerful doing so.

Origin:
Magicians
-
Demon bearers:

This curse is by far the most rare curse and most powerful in the world. This curse involve a creature being a walking prison for a demon. 
Whats so specialwith this curse is that they can summon the power and sometime even the demon itself to fight for the host. 
But this power is also accepted in most communties. Its considered an honour to carry a demon and they have a tendency to become leaders of 
thier various kingdoms. However this power does not come without a drawback. The demon can sometime try to kill thier host, weaken them or draining thier power. But the demon bearers are usually very strong
being able to contain the power of the demon with minor problems.

Origin:
Deathly Dwellers
-
Deathly Dwellers:

This curse is the most special of them all. Being granted the power to summon creatures from beyond worlds and transform lesser beings in to dead servants.
This power have been the root of all evil for a very long time. Dark masters and thier offspring have been granted this power for generations. Even though thier
power is strong there have been some Deathly Dwellers that have been good and followed the light. In the Mage war the good Deathly Dwellers infused demons
into mages granting them unbelievable powers. During the Mage war the Deathly Dwellers was near extinct but the breed survived because of the good Dwellers and 
exiled Dwellers. Even though they have created dark creatures all over the world the Dwellers have still made a huge difference in the world.

Origin:
Demons
