Kran is the strongest god known to exist and is the strongest of the three brothers. Unlike the other Kran is ruthless and uncontrollable.
His amazing power cause his enemies to tramble and he is wellknown for his unstoppable rage. However he somewhat lacks the brains of this brothers
but he makes up for it with his strength and sense of humour. Kran is unlike the other brothers very loyal and pride to the things he fight for.
This have caused the races that he have created to have a culture built around pride and loyalty and the worst thing you can do in the society
is just betray your own brethren. This have caused Kran to become a very respected god that don't give in to wealth and trickery.

Animal:
Lion

Bloodkins:

Since the dawn of time, when the world was an empty place.
three brothers appeared from an other worldly portal and took on the task to
create life. They wanted to form life as they wanted and create the races they needed.
All races had a different purpose and reflected thier masters talents.

The bloodkins was created by Kran. The god of strength and death.
Kran wanted to create three different races.

The first race was the Greenskins.

They was granted the strength of Kran but lost intelligence in the process.
Becoming fearsom warriors the Greenskins created societies that have been feared by all.
However because of the lack in intelligence they are unable to form an empire.

The second race was the Bloodskins.

They was granted the rage of Kran but was weaker than the other two.
Keeping themselves away from the world the Bloodskins like fighting against the stream.
Kran knew that the Bloodskins would always have it in thier flesh to be the weakest but also the most
violent of the three.

The third race was the Darkskins.

They was granted the death of Kran and was created to be superior.
The Darkskins is intelligent, strong and more cunning than the rest of the races.
Having fearsome knowledge and strength the only downside of the Darkskins is thier problem to breed.
Darkskins is unable to produce any children with thier own race.
Darkskins was created to serve as a guideline for other races giving them strength.

Meantime:

The Greenskins now serve as mere mercenaries to other races.
Being unintelligent they havent had a proper society for hundreds of years.
This cause the Greenskins to slowly die out.
Being in danger of disappearing in just a matter of years.

Bloodskins is still going strong. Being nearly extinct in the war of Bloodmountain,
the Bloodskins have caught up to the world. Growing stroner and is not in sight of 
being endangered. Thier mix with the Darkskins have made them extremley strong but unstable 
when growing old.

Darkskins have been extinct for hundreds of years. Being temporary masters over the Bloodskins
they teached them inner strength and control over thier soul energy. Alot of the Darkskins mated with 
the Bloodskins fusing thier blood. The Bloodskins grew in power and the legacy of the Darkskins lives on
inside them. They are now seen as demi-gods by the Bloodkins and are even worshipped by some individuals.